>> Brian: So we're finally on Redux.
[LAUGH] It took us awhile, but
there's actually a reason why
I structured it this way.
Redux is a pretty big sledgehammer.
Like it's a really heavy library.
And it's not in the sense of page weight,
but
it really is going to cause you to
refactor your application a lot.
And it's over [COUGH] excuse me,
it's overkill for almost all apps or
in other words, I don't use Redux that
much personally because it's way too much.
Usually Redux does
everything sufficiently.
Like everything I just showed you,
that's how I usually build apps.
Until I get to a certain point
where I just can't manage all of
my state that way, and
then I bring in Redux.
Redux is a phenomenal library,
but even the creator, himself,
Dan says, this is not for every app.
In fact, this is not for most apps.
So my suggestion to you, if you're
starting out building a new application,
just start with React, Set State and
Props is usually enough for
just about everything.
It's a really predictable, explicit
way of managing your state, and
React is really good at it.
So that's my suggestion to all of you, is
start with React until you hit the point
where you say, I can't do this anymore,
and then, we factor in to include Redux.
And refactoring to include
Redux is not super difficult.
And to prove that to you, we're gonna
refactor just a tiny bit of our app to use
Redux instead of using reacts and
set state, and stuff like that.
So let's talk about
what Redux actually is.
Redux, itself, I like to say that
Redux is a simple but hard library.
Simple in the sense that
there's not a lot to Redux.
It's not a very big library, but actually
it's pretty difficult to get your mind
fully around everything that's going on.
There's a gist out there somewhere
that you can implement Redux in like
80 lines of code.
The entire library in 80 lines of code.
Now, the library itself, what's on GitHub,
is much bigger than that but
they include a bunch of
convenience methods.
But the core part of Redux is,
there's not much to it.
So it's a central repository
of all of your state.
So instead of keeping your data in
like in each individual component,
we just take all of that out and
we put it into one giant central store.
Now, why would we do that?
That seems to kinda go against everything
that I have just been telling you about.
Well, sometimes having
components splits a cost,
multiple components becomes
almost impossible to manage.
Imagine that if you have to start
animating components across the page and
they have to have multiple transition that
include multiple components all at once,
it's really tough to orchestrate
that across components
to the point that it's almost impossible.
It's really hard for for components to
talk to each other and at by design.
So instead of trying to make
this crazy pub-sub system or
something crazy like that to do it,
what you do is you just
externalize that all into Redux.
>> Speaker 2: Francois was asking,
we hear about flux and redux.
Can you talk about
the differences between the two?
>> Brian: Yeah, I'm getting there.
That's a good question.
>> Speaker 2: I'm just gonna hotkey that.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Brian: I'm getting there.
[LAUGH] Yeah, I say that a lot,
definitely true.
Back to Redux.
So you externalize all of
your state into Redux.
And I'm saying Redux right now but
you can substitute Redux, flux,
mobix into all these places that I
have currently set Redux so far.
Anyway, you externalize all
of your state into Redux, and
Redux is just like one central
repository for all of your data.
So now when you have to do multiple state
changes across multiple components,
because it all lives in one place,
pretty easy to do.
Cuz it's all available
to you all the time.
So that's kind of the value
proposition about Redux.
You bring all of your
state into one place, and
it's really easy to distribute
that across your app.
But your trade off there is you now
have a hard dependency on Redux.
And it's a lot less
obvious to read your code.
You're gonna come in there,
you're gonna see this.props.something and
you're not gonna know where
necessarily it came from.
It's gonna come from Redux so that'll
become more concrete as we actually
explore that.
>> Brian: So
Redux is a predictable state container for
JavaScript apps.
That's the best way to put it.
It is not react specific.
I think that's a pretty big key to note,
as well.
Redux works with angular, too.
It works with all these other libraries.
It just happened to be
standardized with react first.
>> Brian: So where did Redux come from?
I think that's kind of an interesting
thing to note when you're talking
about Redux.
When Facebook launched React,
they kinda ran into,
especially with animations,
animations are tough with React because
of their kind of separate nature
of all the different components.
Especially when they're
supposed to coordinate.
There's a couple other reasons, as well.
Like remember when we were doing shows and
we had two different places
that wanted to read from shows.
So we had to push it up
to a common ancestor.
That happens a lot with Redux.
It's a very common problem to have.
And if you have to go through seven
different layers it comes a pain
in the ass.
It ends up saying this process
gets passed to this.
You have to do several layers deep.
It's called the data tunneling problem,
and
it's horrendous to deal with.
>> Speaker 2: Durante has a question.
I think sort of back to
just the previous topic.
Isn't harder to understand where there's a
bug since state isn't inside the component
that you talked to that [CROSSTALK]
>> Brian: Yeah, absolutely,
you lose that reliability for
debugging, which is also a problem.
Sort of, cuz you're centralizing
your state in a different place.
So if you have a state problem,
you still know that you start with Redux.
So it just means that
there's a few extra steps.
A few to quite a few
extra steps debugging.
It's still predictable.
It's still a good way of doing code.
Like, I'm not trying to
rag on Redux at all.
It's very good at what it does.
But it just adds
complexity to your system.
And that's like been the theme of this
entire workshop is like let's start with
the simplest thing possible and let's
do the simple thing until it gets hard.
Then, let's add complexity
to make it easier.
That's kind of been then the factor,
refactor of this entire workshop.
This is a big step.
All these previous steps I feel like
are pretty no brainer, okay I understand
why that's difficult, I understand why
I have this tool, let's just do it.
This is a big step and
this is one you need to ask yourself a lot
of questions before you take this step.
It will become worth it if you have these
problems that I'm talking about and
it's not worth it.
If you don't have these problems.
>> Brian: So
going to back to redux and flux.
Facebook came up with this idea of well,
why can't we take this same idea with
React and we have this one-way data flow.
Cuz one-way data flow made
interfaces really easy.
Why don't we kind of apply
that to statement management,
as well?
>> Speaker 2: Question about does Netflix
use Redux?
>> Brian: In some
parts of the application.
My team doesn't.
That's because we built
relatively small apps, and
we have many small apps.
>> Speaker 2: Is it because
you don't need a Redux type component?
>> Brian: Yeah,
it just would be giant overkill for
everything we do.
So they introduced this idea Flux.
This idea of one way data flow.
And I'm not gonna get to much into it.
You can go read the Flux ox.
But it was a good idea it was
just no quite all the way there.
It wasn't full flushed out.
Like they didn't release a library.
They just kinda released
this idea of the Flux idea.
And then, a bunch of people did Fluxer,
Flimix, Alt.
There are all these different libraries
that implement the flux pattern.
Well, Dan Abramov, who's the guy that
wrote half the shit that we're using
today, he did hot module reload,
he did redux,
he did, and he now works at Facebook and
does other things, as well.
He works on reactive self.
He was preparing a talk,
I think it was for react Europe.
And he wanted to just demonstrates some
core concept about like hot module
reload and some other things like that.
So he came up with the hot
reloadable Flux container and that
kinda bore out Redux and that's actually
what we're going to be using today,
it's still pretty much the same premise.
So that's kind of like
Flux evolved into Redux.
Redux is not Flux but everything,
all those good ideas he just took
the best parts of Flux and made Redux.
If you do flux it you end
up with a lot of complexity
because with flux you have
multiple stores and so
trying to find your data across multiple
stores ends up being really non intuitive.
With redux everything just lives
in one central repository.
You have exactly one place to start
which is always a good place to be
with debugging.
Let's go over what actually makes redux.
Unless anyone has any
questions before I start?
>> Brian: So again,
I mentioned it I'm not gonna
be talking about Mob X today.
I'm not gonna be talking about any
other kind of way of doing this
Central State Repositories.
You are welcome to check them out.
They're all equally interesting.
But Redux in my opinion is
probably the best place to start.
It's the simplest.
Mob X is even more complicated.
But does even cooler stuff.
I don't say even cooler stuff,
but it does really cool stuff.
>> Speaker 2: Question from Craig,
clarify data tunneling
is common in react or
redux?
>> Brian: It's common in react and
it's a problem that redux solves.
>> Brian: Just
imagine if we had show cards and
the show cards had a title component and
the title component had, I don't know,
something else inside of it.
So we had to pass down title seven
different layers, that's annoying
because now you have a hard dependency in
every one of those components of title.
Each one has to receive title so
it can pass it down.
That's annoying, especially for
a component that doesn't
rely on being titled.
It's just one of its
children relies on it.
It's an issue.
And so, that's what Redux solves here.
Is it takes that out and so it makes it
just the component that needs it gets it.
Any other ancestor components
don't necessarily have to keep it.